User Stories:-

Task-1:-

Story:- Creation of Dtabase for Book Management System

Description:- 

As a Developer, I have to create Database in Sql Server Management Studio, 
so that I can be able to add the required data in tables like Book and Book Type.
Using These tables I can be able to add the details to thes tables like.

In Book Table I want to add details like
(
(Book Id wil be Int and generated automatically by using Identity(1,1)
  Book Name  with (Varchar(100)),
  Book Author with (Varchar(100)), 
  Book Pages with (Int),
 Book Type with (Int),
 published date with (date))

In Book Type table I want to add details Like
(BookType Id wil be Int and generated automatically by using Identity(1,1)
(BookType description(Varchar(200))

In type of book I have to add only(Adventure, Finance, History, Story and Novel)

Acceptance Criteria:-

Using Sql Server Database , We want to add data to the tables in Sql Database and its should be a preloaded data to user.


Task-2:-

Story:-Creation of Database in Visual Studio for Book Management System.

Description:-

As a Developer,I have to Create a new solution in Visual Studio using Sql Server Database project,
In this we use Sql Connection to fetch the data from  the Database to Visual Studio.

Acceptance Criteria:-

using Visual Studio, We can add new data to the existing Database from the Visual Studio by using publish Option.
We can also make changes to the existing Data in the Database from Visual Studio.


Task-3:-

Story:-Creating Api App with .Net 6.0 & solution with more than one layer.

Description:-

As a Developer, I have to create WebApi in Visual Studio with more than one Layer,
By using Wep Api we can see the output in the Localhost.

Acceptance Criteria:-

Using WebApi in Visual, We can implement the connection between WebApi and Database.
In Dependences we can add reference from one layer to another layer.
User Should be able to get the out put from the "Local Host".

Task-4:-

Story:-"CRUD" operations by using Entity Frame work.

Description:-

As a Developer, I have to write a program to perform CRUD operations to the data in the Database.
By using Entity Frame work we can interact to Database.
So that user can perform different types of operations on the selected data in the Database.
We can map four main Http methods like Get, Put, Post and Delete to do CRUD operations.

Acceptance Criteria:-

User should be able to interface to the Book Management System.
User should be able to do:-

-> Get all Book(table) records
->Insert new Book record to the existing Database
->Update any Book record in the existing Database
->Delete any Book record from the existing Datbase

-> Get all BookType(table) records
->Insert new BookType record to the existing Database
->Update any BookType record in the existing Database
->Delete any BookType record from the existing Datbase

Task-5:-

Story:-User Should be able search for a Book by Book type and published date.

Description:-

As a Developer, I have to write a program to display the Book records to the user in Local Host,
By taking input parameters like Book type and published date from the user,
So that user can be able to search the book of his selction.


Acceptance Criteria:-

User Should be able to search the Book based on Book type and published date in Local Host
User should be able to pass parameters like Book type and Published date in the Local host
After passing required parameters, User should be able to see Book records in the Local Host based on his selection











































































































